[Music]
hey you guys hey hey what are you doing
Oh figuring out our wedding plans that's
funny we were doing the same thing no
it's really crazy the hall the dress the
food I I had no idea how expensive this
stuff was it is really pricey I mean I
freaked when I first heard the numbers
so what did you two do about it it was
pretty simple actually I came up with a
couple of cost-cutting solutions wrote
out a list and Monica told me to go to
hell there's no way around it Pheebs you
just gonna have to accept the fact that
this is gonna cost you a lot of money
I heard the weddings are like a 40
million dollar a year industry yeah
and I'm responsible for just like half
of that but really it does seem like
this money could be put to better use
you serious yeah now how would you feel
if we gave all the wedding money to
charity and we just got married at City
Hall I think it would make me want to
marry you even more well I've gotta say
you guys that's that's an incredible
gesture maybe you do that next time you
get married no no the next time is gonna
be Hawaii at sunset but maybe the time
after that